feat: expose plugin extension points into main package, developer docs + sample (#713)
finos/git-proxy: plugins/README.md

> # Git Proxy plugins & samples

Reviewer: @coopernetes - can we find `Git Proxy` and replace with `GitProxy`? 👏

Git Proxy supports extensibility in the form of plugins. These plugins are specified via [configuration](/docs/category/configuration) as NPM packages or JavaScript code on disk. For each plugin configured, Git Proxy will attempt to load each package or file as a standard [Node module](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html). Plugin authors will create instances of the extension classes exposed by Git Proxy and use these objects to implement custom functionality.

> For detailed documentation, please refer to the [Git Proxy development resources on the project's site](https://git-proxy.finos.org/docs/development/plugins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed documentation, please refer to the [GitProxy documentation](https://git-proxy.finos.org/docs/development/plugins)
```
